I can't move while using it, but that's a non-issue for a healer.
As long as I'm here, my team won't go down.
Is it perceptive enough to see through camouflage?
No!
Run away, you know?
Run away!
You sick son of a bitch!
You are all weak.
And yet, you killed her.
You killed our queen.
Killing your soldiers is not enough.
Tell me, where is your king?
Our king?
Outside.
Yes.
A stronger one years.
The King of the Dead.
Wait.
Is he talking about Goh too?
Well, whatever he meant.
We need to escape while that thing is occupied.
Dammit.
These pests are relentless.
I don't like this.
Something must be up.
First Charlie stopped responding, now Delta?
Interference, perhaps. Although, they should still be within range.
Bravo, come in.
Go on ahead, sir.
We've not heard from Charlie or Delta. You?
Negative. We lost contact not too long ago.
Want us to investigate?
No. We're headed to their posts now. Finish up on your end, then meet at the rendezvous point.
Copy that.
What the hell?
It's me.
Why aren't you checking in according to schedule?
We've had casualties.
Oh, that's quite unfortunate to hear. I thought your orders were to kill the evolved variants to minimize the risk.
And they couldn't even handle that.
What? Such exacting standards.
Well, I...
I know you won't have a problem, so what's a death or two?
And our allies are dealing with the Queen as we speak?
Yes. But the signal disruption lost its effectiveness somehow, and I confirmed the answer returning to the nest to defend their leader.
Hmm. How likely is it that the main strike team will survive?
The whole colony attacked. Odds they'll live are zero.
Sensational.
Despite fighting their hardest, our Japanese hunters...
...were forced into a temporary retreat after our allies were wiped out.
In honor of their sacrifice, the second strike team waiting at sea will close the S-rank gate.
Japan will clear Jeju Island and get the acclaim, and a rival nation's military will be decimated.
The timing's perfect. Have all hunters withdraw and rendezvous with the secondary strike force.
10-4.
Orders from Chairman Matsumoto.
We're pulling out.
We'll come back to collect the bodies that are...
Hishida!
Focus. Head to sea with Bravo and prep for the next phase. I'll handle this.
But...
You'll just be in my way if you stay here.
Go.
Roger.
Quite the remarkable aura.
Are you their king?
A talking ant. Don't see that every day.
Yeah, I'm king. King of all hunters.
What is this power?
Wait. I've known something like it before.
I've felt it when...
ational pretence.
A role.
Jo Brown.
In gives, wait for it.
Uno.
Autobi מד.
Advocate.
He's got it since childhoodali than before.
Maybe he's gone.
Super force here now, thick as snow,
translate the risk at playing in one modeste and
jump.
Dragosh H dropped.
That is incredible.
These are...
But how did they get here?
Exchange.
Oh.
Oh, man.
Sorry, sorry, you guys are leaving me behind
It's about time, let's get to work
Goodbye my weakness, my my world
So much that no one can touch it
Look at the sky, we're counting the words
Hello my friend, this life's a mess
If you know me, I'll give you an excuse
If I protect you, I'll be your love
I'll be your love